Tamba check this out welcome in a pest
and the emergency whistle help me
anybody's gonna need that it's gonna be
you I'm all about junking but uh my guy
on the stand it's all business combo
dude I'm jacked up for another good
heart man get our stuff pack up and get
out of here are you doing I'm up three
last essentials really macons you're
gonna need all that today gonna go it's
only like two hours hey ain't got my
sammich out yet haha back in the salmon
Josh you're kidding right you're not
taking that with you I am taking a women
the buck commander series of packs are
designed so hunters have everything they
need to be successful spend more time
hunting and less time fumbling around
looking for important here each buck
commander back pack includes these key
features a main compartment with
multiple internal and external pockets a
molle system for attaching accessory
pouches a comfortable suspension system
that distributes wait for easy carrying
state-of-the-art silent fabric and quiet
zippers that don't fail a padded back
panel for added comfort and a whole lot
more look that black timber pack is huge
there's pockets and pouches all over the
place plus it's got this external bungee
system so there's nothing I can't carry
in this pack it's built like a Mack
truck it's quieter than the church mouse
if I'm gonna sit in the tree stand all
day I'm definitely gonna have one of
these it's awesome I take command of my
hunt with the black summit pack it's got
an expandable midsection kind of like me
easy to slip gear in and out with the
quiet fabric great zipper pulls easy to
open and closed even with your gloves on
I'm in the woods this is the pack for me
the black gorge when fully expanded has
a carrying capacity of over 3,500 cubic
inches large enough to hold bulky
equipment or even a whitetail or elk
quarter no two deer hunters are the same
so the Molly
some found on each buck commander pack
allows hunters to customize their pack
with gear specific pouches using strike
speed clips you can attach any
combination of nine accessory pouches to
your backpack from binocular and
rangefinder pouches to cartridge holders
the molle system allows you to
completely customize the exterior of
your buck commander backpack hey there's
a lot of things I like about this pack
really adjustable straps everywhere on
this thing and for the early season hunt
you can add a hydration pack on this
just step out of it like this little
grippy thing on the shoulder strap put
your iPhone there you go anywhere
leaving out a little strapped in there
for your truck keys so I don't leave
them again yeah that was a good day when
I am through it ropes go out Senate
boozin with seven buck commander packs
and nine accessory pouches you now have
the ultimate way to get all the
equipment you need to your hunting
destination take command of your hunt
you